RuneTools 3.1.0

The game now draws more of what RuneTools shows: outlines, tooltips, arrows and
ground markers are the game's own, and the overlay can be drawn inside the game
picture so it passes behind scenery and under the game interface.

Outline hovered object
The game outlines whatever is under your cursor, scenery such as trees, rocks
and chests included. Objects, NPCs and attackable NPCs each have their own
colour and thickness, with presets and a full colour picker. Works with the
overlay switched off. Overlay > Outline hovered object.

Extra info in tooltips
The game's own tooltip gains a line with the Grand Exchange price and High
Alchemy value of an item, with the game's coin and spell icons, and the skill
level a thing needs, with the skill icon. Rocks show their Mining level, trees
their Woodcutting level, logs Firemaking and Fletching, herbs Herblore. Levels
come from the game's own skill guides, so they follow game updates.

Point the way
Type an NPC, an object or a tile and the game points to it with its own hint
arrow over the target, its chevrons at your feet turning towards it and its
trail of markers along the ground. The nearest match around you is used and it
follows an NPC as it walks. Arrow height and chevron size are adjustable, and
every control only offers values the game accepts.

Overlay inside the game (trial, Vulkan client)
Overlay > Draw inside the game. The tile grid and world markers are drawn into
the game picture itself instead of on top of the window: under the minimap,
inventory, chat, action bar and the game's tooltips, and behind trees, walls
and roofs. Markers are moved with the camera at the moment they are drawn, so
they no longer trail behind while the camera turns or zooms. The switch is a
trial and turns itself off again when RuneTools restarts. Skill bars, interface
highlights and plugin text stay on top of the interface as before.

Behind scenery
One choice replaces the two switches: Show, Fade or Hide what is behind
terrain, walls and trees. Hide works on its own now. The test itself was
reading the scene upside down on the Vulkan client, which is why faded markers
looked washed out and appeared in the wrong places; that is fixed for the
normal overlay as well as the trial. The edge of what is hidden is smooth
instead of dotted, and takes all samples into account with anti-aliasing on.

Sharper lines
Overlay lines are drawn with a proper smoothed edge, so thin grid lines are
crisp and unbroken at every angle instead of stepped.

Missing files banner and repair
If files of the installation have gone missing, the launcher says so in a
banner at the top, names them and offers Repair and Open folder. Repair
downloads the current version again and puts the files back, with progress in
the banner, and works when no newer version exists. RuneTools comes back to the
front by itself after an update or a repair. A missing core file at start now
gets a plain message instead of a silent exit.

Faster install
The installer no longer carries about 21,000 development files it never
needed. It is about 10 MB smaller and an update finishes roughly 20 seconds
sooner.

Launcher
The character list opens on the character you played last. While that
character is running, the stand-in shown in its place is no longer remembered
as your choice.

Plugin SDK
overlay.pointAt(kind, target) and overlay.pointClear() let a plugin use Point
the way: pointAt("npc", "Banker"), pointAt("object", "Bank chest"),
pointAt("tile", "3221, 3218"). One request per plugin, cleared when the plugin
closes. Available in JavaScript and Lua.

Security and reliability
Channels between the launcher and the game module are named with a random
value per session instead of the process number alone, are created for your
Windows user only, and are rebound cleanly when the launcher restarts while a
client keeps running. Name buffers are bounded. The cache reader gained its own
LZMA decoder, so LZMA-packed archives such as the model index now load.

Fixes
- The game could freeze for good while starting, with most of its threads
  asleep. The module suspended every game thread while installing its Vulkan
  hooks; it no longer does.
- The overlay could blink: a frame that fell into a rewrite of the marker list
  drew half of it or none. Every frame now draws the last complete list.
- Hovered scenery could flash from its outline colour to white after the
  cursor left it.
- Saved overlay settings were overwritten with the defaults on every start.
- Quest guides with step tracking (Visions of Havenhythe, Hearts of Sanguine,
  Hermit Permits and others) had lost their guide text.
- A marker placed far outside the loaded map could crash the game on load.
  Marker targets are limited to the area around the player.
